doc: Put all local dev env instructions in one place (#6227)
EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree: pages/docs/environments/local-development.mdx

import DocsLayout from "@components/layouts/DocsLayout.js";
import Link from "@components/Link";

> <div id="docker-compose">

Reviewer: I think you can use the headings for deep linking (`##`)

Author: `<div id="docker-compose">` this I'm using for `https://linkfree.io/docs/environments/local-development#docker-compose` in the readme file. Having an id for this section will allow us to auto scroll to the docker-compose section when user clicks on the link.

Reviewer: I think if we update the mdx component for the headings, then we won't need the extra html and we can use this in other places also https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/tree/main/components/mdx

Author: I have added a new component named Heading and used it. Have to say it is a far better approach than what I was using.

Author: This is how it looks now: 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36790357/233436984-105610e9-ea55-4b41-bb3c-966597c0d1cf.png)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36790357/233436969-eb78625b-8bc1-4c68-896e-b04183041bb7.png)

Reviewer 2: Hello! There is no need to create a header component for linking from external URL or within documents as markdown supports this natively.

Requesting removal of the header component and staying with pure markdown to remain consistent throughout the project and decrease complexity by adding more code.

Here is an example of how to adjust your headings in pure markdown to allow for linking.  Note that if you have a 2 word header, the url should utilize the first word in the header for the link

[markdown with linking example](https://github.com/fefong/markdown_readme/blob/master/README.md?plain=1)

example header with url for 2 word scenario:  

LOCAL DEVELOPMENT

would be url.com/page-name#local

If you would like assistance making these changes, let me know and I"m happy to help further

Author: Hey Amanda and Eddie, I have gone through all the reviews and I'm making appropriate changes.
I will be pushing my changes in some time.

## 1. Docker Compose (recommended)

This might sound scary but it is actually the easiest solution for a local development environment.

> This environment will allow you to run the application locally with Docker Compose. Everything will be run in containers (for example MongoDB), so you don't need to install anything on your machine.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The environment will allow you to run the application locally with Docker Compose. Everything will run in containers (e.g.,MongoDB), so you don't need to install anything on your machine.
```

### Prerequisites

You will need <Link href="https://docs.docker.com/compose/">Docker and Docker Compose v2</Link> installed.

### Setup

1. Make sure you have cloned the repository and are in the root of the project.
2. Execute the following command, this will build the images and start the containers.

```bash
docker compose up
```

3. You can now access the application at `http://localhost:3000`.
4. If you make any changes to the dependencies, it's recommended to rebuild the images with the following command.

```bash
docker compose up --build
```

> 5. If you want to stop the containers, you can use the following command.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
5. If you want to stop the containers, you can use the following command:
```

Author: Good eyes 👀. I have added your suggestions.

```bash
docker compose down
```

### Troubleshooting

> If you are getting an error, first try to rebuild the images with `docker compose up --build`. If that doesn't work, stop the containers with `docker compose down` and then remove the stopped linkfree container with `docker rm linkfree`. Then remove the images with `docker rmi linkfree-app`. Then rebuild the images with `docker compose up --build`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are getting an error, try to rebuild the images with `docker compose up --build`. If that doesn't work, stop the containers with `docker compose down` and remove the stopped linkfree container with `docker rm linkfree`. Then, remove the images with `docker rmi linkfree-app`. Lastly, rebuild the images with `docker compose up --build`.
```
